---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_container_image Data Source - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to access information about an existing Image.
---

# ec_container_image (Data Source)

Use this data source to access information about an existing Image.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Image object metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch defines the branch within which each name must be unique.

Optional:

- `object_meta` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata--object_meta))

<a id="nestedblock--metadata--object_meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.object_meta`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.



<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `image` (String) Image is the image name.

Optional:

- `tag` (String) Tag is the image tag.

Read-Only:

- `digest` (String) Digest is the hash of the image.
- `registry` (String) Registry is the registry that contains the image.
