---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_protection_migration_v1alpha1 Data Source - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to access information about an existing Migration.
---

# ec_protection_migration_v1alpha1 (Data Source)

Use this data source to access information about an existing Migration.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired mitigation configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the mitigation.
- `display_name` (String) DisplayName is the user-friendly name of the mitigation.
- `sts` (Block List, Max: 1) StS configures SteelShield for this mitigation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--sts))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--sts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.sts`

Optional:

- `action` (String) Action is the configured SteelShield action.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the protocol that the mitigation supports.
