---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_armada_armadaset Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  An ArmadaSet manages Armadas across multiple Regions, while sharing a common specification.
---

# ec_armada_armadaset (Resource)

An ArmadaSet manages Armadas across multiple Regions, while sharing a common specification.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired armadas in this set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `armadas` (Block List, Min: 1) Armadas is a list of armadas belonging to the set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--armadas))
- `template` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Template describes the fleets that are created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template))

Optional:

- `autoscaling` (Block List, Max: 1) AutoscalingInterval defines the autoscaling strategy for all armadas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--autoscaling))
- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the armada set.
- `override` (Block List) Override overrides configuration for named armadas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--override))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--armadas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.armadas`

Required:

- `distribution` (Block List, Min: 1) Distribution specifies the distribution of game servers across the available types of capacity in the selected region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--armadas--distribution))
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the armada.
- `region` (String) Region defines the region the game servers are distributed to.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the armada.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--armadas--distribution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.armadas.distribution`

Required:

- `buffer_size` (Number) BufferSize is the number of replicas to have ready all the time.
- `max_replicas` (Number) MaxReplicas is the maximum number of replicas in the region type.
- `min_replicas` (Number) MinReplicas is the minimum number of replicas in the region type.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the region type.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired fleet. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `containers` (Block List, Min: 1) Containers is a list of container belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers))

Optional:

- `health` (Block List, Max: 1) Health is the health checking configuration for Agones game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--health))
- `strategy` (Block List, Max: 1) Strategy is the deployment strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch is the name of the image branch.
- `image` (String) Image is a reference to the containerv1.Image to deploy in this container.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the container.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `config_files` (Block List) ConfigFiles is a list of configuration files to mount into the containers filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--config_files))
- `env` (Block List) Env is a list of environment variables to set in the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env))
- `ports` (Block List) Ports are the ports to expose from the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports))
- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources are the compute resources required by the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources))
- `security_context` (Block List, Max: 1) SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--config_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.config_files`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) MountPath is the path to mount the configuration file on.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Block List, Max: 1) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable's value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from.field_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port.
- `policy` (String) Policy defines the policy for how the HostPort is populated.

Optional:

- `container_port` (Number) ContainerPort is the port that is being opened on the specified container's process.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the network protocol being used. Defaults to UDP. TCP and TCPUDP are other options.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String)
- `requests` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.resources.claims`

Optional:

- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--allow_privilege_escalation))
- `capabilities` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--privileged))
- `proc_mount` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--proc_mount))
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--read_only_root_filesystem))
- `run_as_group` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_group))
- `run_as_non_root` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_non_root))
- `run_as_user` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_user))
- `se_linux_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--allow_privilege_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.allow_privilege_escalation`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--privileged"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.privileged`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--proc_mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.proc_mount`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--read_only_root_filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.read_only_root_filesystem`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_group`

Required:

- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_non_root"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_non_root`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_user`

Required:

- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile--localhost_profile))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile--localhost_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.seccomp_profile.localhost_profile`

Required:

- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec))
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec_name))
- `host_process` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--host_process))
- `run_as_user_name` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--run_as_user_name))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.gmsa_credential_spec`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.gmsa_credential_spec_name`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--host_process"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.host_process`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--run_as_user_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.run_as_user_name`

Required:

- `value` (String)





<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.health`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `failure_threshold` (Number)
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number)
- `period_seconds` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.strategy`

Optional:

- `rolling_update` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.strategy.rolling_update`

Optional:

- `max_surge` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update--max_surge))
- `max_unavailable` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update--max_unavailable))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update--max_surge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.strategy.rolling_update.max_surge`

Optional:

- `int_val` (Number)
- `str_val` (String)
- `type` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--strategy--rolling_update--max_unavailable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.strategy.rolling_update.max_unavailable`

Optional:

- `int_val` (Number)
- `str_val` (String)
- `type` (Number)






<a id="nestedblock--spec--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.autoscaling`

Optional:

- `fixed_interval` (Block List, Max: 1) FixedInterval defines a fixed interval autoscaling strategy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--autoscaling--fixed_interval))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--autoscaling--fixed_interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.autoscaling.fixed_interval`

Optional:

- `seconds` (Number) Seconds defines how often the auto-scaler will re-evaluate the number of game servers.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override`

Optional:

- `env` (Block List) Env is a list of environment variables to set on containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--override--env))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the armada that will be overridden.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--override--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Block List, Max: 1) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable's value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--override--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.override.env.value_from.field_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)
