---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_container_branch Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Branch groups container Images.
---

# ec_container_branch (Resource)

A Branch groups container Images.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_container_branch" "test" {
  metadata {
    name = "test"
  }

  spec {
    description = "My branch"
    display_name = "Test"

    retention_policy_rules {
      name = "default"
      keep_count = 10
      keep_days = 30
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired branch. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the branch.
- `display_name` (String) DisplayName is the display name of the branch.
- `retention_policy_rules` (Block List) RetentionPolicyRules are the rules that define how images are retained. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--retention_policy_rules))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--retention_policy_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.retention_policy_rules`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the image retention policy.

Optional:

- `image_regex` (String) ImageRegex is the optional regex selector for images that
this policy applies to.
- `keep_count` (Number) KeepCount is the minimum number of tags to keep per image.
- `keep_days` (Number) KeepDays is the minimum number of days an image tag must be kept for.
- `tag_regex` (String) TagRegex is the optional regex selector for tags that
this policy applies to.
