---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_core_region Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Region determines how Armadas are distributed across Sites.
---

# ec_core_region (Resource)

A Region determines how Armadas are distributed across Sites.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ec_core_region_v1" "test" {
  metadata {
    name        = "test"
    environment = "dev"
  }
  spec {
    description  = "Capacity in test region"
    display_name = "Test Region"

    types {
      name = "cloud"
      sites = [
        "test-cluster"
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired region configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `types` (Block List, Min: 1) Types defines the types on infrastructure available in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types))

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the region.
- `display_name` (String) DisplayName is the user-friendly name of a region.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the region type.

Optional:

- `locations` (List of String) Locations defines the locations for a type.
- `template` (Block List, Max: 1) Template is the optional configuration to apply to all fleets in this region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types--template))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--types--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types.template`

Optional:

- `env` (Block List) Env is a list of environment variables to set on all containers in this region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types--template--env))
- `scheduling` (String) Scheduling strategy. Defaults to "Packed"

<a id="nestedblock--spec--types--template--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types.template.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Block List, Max: 1) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable's value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types.template.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types.template.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--types--template--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.types.template.env.value_from.field_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import ec_core_region.example {{environment}}/{{region}}
```
