---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_formation_formation_v1beta1 Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Formation is a configuration for multiple vessels.
---

# ec_formation_formation_v1beta1 (Resource)

A Formation is a configuration for multiple vessels.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired vessels in this formation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `template` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Template describes the game server that is created. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template))
- `vessels` (Block List, Min: 1) Vessels is a list of vessels belonging to the formation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels))

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the formation.
- `termination_grace_periods` (Block List, Max: 1) TerminationGracePeriods are the optional durations that a game server has to terminate gracefully. If this value is nil, the default grace period for each situation will be used. These durations only apply when a game server is in use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods))
- `volume_templates` (Block List) VolumeTemplates is a list of volumes that vessels are allowed to reference. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--volume_templates))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec`

Required:

- `containers` (Block List, Min: 1) Containers is a list of container belonging to the game server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers))

Optional:

- `gateway_policies` (List of String) GatewayPolicies are the gateway policy names applied to the game servers.
- `health` (Block List, Max: 1) Health is the health checking configuration for Agones game servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--health))
- `termination_grace_period_seconds` (Block List, Max: 1) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds is the optional duration in seconds the game servers need to terminate gracefully. Defaults to 30 seconds. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--termination_grace_period_seconds))
- `volumes` (Block List) Volumes are pod volumes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers`

Required:

- `branch` (String) Branch is the name of the image branch.
- `image` (String) Image is a reference to the containerv1.Image to deploy in this container.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the container.

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `config_files` (Block List) ConfigFiles is a list of configuration files to mount into the containers filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--config_files))
- `env` (Block List) Env is a list of environment variables to set in the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env))
- `ports` (Block List) Ports are the ports to expose from the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports))
- `resources` (Block List, Max: 1) Resources are the compute resources required by the container. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources))
- `security_context` (Block List, Max: 1) SecurityContext defines the security options the container should be run with. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context))
- `volume_mounts` (Block List) VolumeMounts are the volumes to mount into the container's filesystem. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--config_files"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.config_files`

Required:

- `mount_path` (String) MountPath is the path to mount the configuration file on.
- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Block List, Max: 1) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable's value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.env.value_from.field_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.ports`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the port.
- `policy` (String) Policy defines the policy for how the HostPort is populated.

Optional:

- `container_port` (Number) ContainerPort is the port that is being opened on the specified container's process.
- `protection_protocol` (Block List, Max: 1) ProtectionProtocol is the optional name of the protection protocol being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports--protection_protocol))
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the network protocol being used. Defaults to UDP. TCP and TCPUDP are other options.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--ports--protection_protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.ports.protection_protocol`

Required:

- `value` (String) ProtectionProtocol is the optional name of the protection protocol being used.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.resources`

Optional:

- `claims` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources--claims))
- `limits` (Map of String)
- `requests` (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--resources--claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.resources.claims`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `request` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context`

Optional:

- `allow_privilege_escalation` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--allow_privilege_escalation))
- `app_armor_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--app_armor_profile))
- `capabilities` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--capabilities))
- `privileged` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--privileged))
- `proc_mount` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--proc_mount))
- `read_only_root_filesystem` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--read_only_root_filesystem))
- `run_as_group` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_group))
- `run_as_non_root` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_non_root))
- `run_as_user` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_user))
- `se_linux_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--se_linux_options))
- `seccomp_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile))
- `windows_options` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--allow_privilege_escalation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.allow_privilege_escalation`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--app_armor_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.app_armor_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--app_armor_profile--localhost_profile))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--app_armor_profile--localhost_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.app_armor_profile.localhost_profile`

Required:

- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.capabilities`

Optional:

- `add` (List of String)
- `drop` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--privileged"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.privileged`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--proc_mount"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.proc_mount`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--read_only_root_filesystem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.read_only_root_filesystem`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_group`

Required:

- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_non_root"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_non_root`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--run_as_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.run_as_user`

Required:

- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--se_linux_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.se_linux_options`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `role` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `user` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.seccomp_profile`

Optional:

- `localhost_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile--localhost_profile))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--seccomp_profile--localhost_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.seccomp_profile.localhost_profile`

Required:

- `value` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options`

Optional:

- `gmsa_credential_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec))
- `gmsa_credential_spec_name` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec_name))
- `host_process` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--host_process))
- `run_as_user_name` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--run_as_user_name))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.gmsa_credential_spec`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--gmsa_credential_spec_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.gmsa_credential_spec_name`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--host_process"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.host_process`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--security_context--windows_options--run_as_user_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.security_context.windows_options.run_as_user_name`

Required:

- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.volume_mounts`

Optional:

- `mount_path` (String)
- `mount_propagation` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts--mount_propagation))
- `name` (String)
- `read_only` (Boolean)
- `recursive_read_only` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts--recursive_read_only))
- `sub_path` (String)
- `sub_path_expr` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts--mount_propagation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.volume_mounts.mount_propagation`

Required:

- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--containers--volume_mounts--recursive_read_only"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.containers.volume_mounts.recursive_read_only`

Required:

- `value` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.health`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `failure_threshold` (Number)
- `initial_delay_seconds` (Number)
- `period_seconds` (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--termination_grace_period_seconds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.termination_grace_period_seconds`

Required:

- `value` (Number) TerminationGracePeriodSeconds is the optional duration in seconds the game servers need to terminate gracefully. Defaults to 30 seconds.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the volume mount.

Optional:

- `empty_dir` (Block List, Max: 1) EmptyDir configures an empty dir volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--empty_dir))
- `persistent` (Block List, Max: 1) Persistent configures a persistent volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--persistent))
- `type` (String) Type is the volume type.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.volumes.empty_dir`

Optional:

- `medium` (String) Medium is the storage medium type.
- `size_limit` (Block List, Max: 1) SizeLimit is the maximum size of the volume. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--empty_dir--size_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.volumes.empty_dir.size_limit`

Required:

- `value` (String) SizeLimit is the maximum size of the volume.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--template--spec--volumes--persistent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.template.spec.volumes.persistent`

Required:

- `volume_name` (String) VolumeName is the name of the volume to store data in.





<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the vessel.
- `region` (String) Region defines the region the vessel is deployed to.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description is the optional description of the vessel.
- `override` (Block List, Max: 1) Override describes how the game server is configured for this vessel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override))
- `suspend` (Block List, Max: 1) Suspend specifies whether the vessel should create a game server or not. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--suspend))
- `termination_grace_periods` (Block List, Max: 1) TerminationGracePeriods are the optional durations that a game server has to terminate gracefully. If this value is nil, the default grace period for each situation will be used. These durations only apply when a game server is in use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override`

Optional:

- `containers` (Block List) Containers is a list of container override values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels is a map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override.containers`

Optional:

- `args` (List of String) Args are arguments to the entrypoint.
- `command` (List of String) Command is the entrypoint array. This is not executed within a shell.
- `env` (Block List) Env is a list of environment variables to set on containers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override.containers.env`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the environment variable.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value is the value of the environment variable.
- `value_from` (Block List, Max: 1) ValueFrom is the source for the environment variable's value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override.containers.env.value_from`

Optional:

- `config_file_key_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) ConfigFileKeyRef select the configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref))
- `field_ref` (Block List, Max: 1) FieldRef selects the field of the pod. Supports metadata.name, metadata.namespace, `metadata.labels['<KEY>']`, `metadata.annotations['<KEY>']`, metadata.armadaName, metadata.regionName, metadata.regionTypeName, metadata.siteName, metadata.imageBranch, metadata.imageName, metadata.imageTag, spec.nodeName, spec.serviceAccountName, status.hostIP, status.podIP, status.podIPs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from--field_ref))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from--config_file_key_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override.containers.env.value_from.config_file_key_ref`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name is the name of the configuration file.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--override--containers--env--value_from--field_ref"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.override.containers.env.value_from.field_ref`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `field_path` (String)






<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--suspend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.suspend`

Required:

- `value` (Boolean) Suspend specifies whether the vessel should create a game server or not.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.termination_grace_periods`

Optional:

- `maintenance` (Block List, Max: 1) Maintenance is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when the site it is running is cordoned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--maintenance))
- `spec_change` (Block List, Max: 1) SpecChange is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when a spec change is detected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--spec_change))
- `user_initiated` (Block List, Max: 1) UserInitiated is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when user initiates a restart or suspends a vessel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--user_initiated))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.termination_grace_periods.maintenance`

Required:

- `value` (Number) Maintenance is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when the site it is running is cordoned.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--spec_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.termination_grace_periods.spec_change`

Required:

- `value` (Number) SpecChange is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when a spec change is detected.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--vessels--termination_grace_periods--user_initiated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.vessels.termination_grace_periods.user_initiated`

Required:

- `value` (Number) UserInitiated is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when user initiates a restart or suspends a vessel.




<a id="nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.termination_grace_periods`

Optional:

- `maintenance` (Block List, Max: 1) Maintenance is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when the site it is running is cordoned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--maintenance))
- `spec_change` (Block List, Max: 1) SpecChange is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when a spec change is detected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--spec_change))
- `user_initiated` (Block List, Max: 1) UserInitiated is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when user initiates a restart or suspends a vessel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--user_initiated))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.termination_grace_periods.maintenance`

Required:

- `value` (Number) Maintenance is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when the site it is running is cordoned.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--spec_change"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.termination_grace_periods.spec_change`

Required:

- `value` (Number) SpecChange is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when a spec change is detected.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--termination_grace_periods--user_initiated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.termination_grace_periods.user_initiated`

Required:

- `value` (Number) UserInitiated is the optional duration in seconds that a game server has to gracefully terminate when user initiates a restart or suspends a vessel.



<a id="nestedblock--spec--volume_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_templates`

Optional:

- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired volume template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_templates.metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_templates.spec`

Optional:

- `reclaim_policy` (String)
- `volume_spec` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--spec--volume_spec))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--volume_templates--spec--volume_spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.volume_templates.spec.volume_spec`

Required:

- `capacity` (String) Capacity is the capacity of the volume.
- `volume_store_name` (String) VolumeStoreName is the name of the volume store this volume uses.
