---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ec_storage_volumestoreretentionpolicy Resource - terraform-provider-ec"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Volume Store Retention Policy configures how Volume Snapshots are retained.
---

# ec_storage_volumestoreretentionpolicy (Resource)

A Volume Store Retention Policy configures how Volume Snapshots are retained.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `instance` (String) Name is an instance name configured in the provider.
- `metadata` (Block List, Max: 1) Standard object's metadata. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `spec` (Block List, Max: 1) Spec defines the desired volume store retention policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String) An unstructured map of keys and values stored on an object.
- `environment` (String) The name of the environment the object belongs to.
- `labels` (Map of String) A map of keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize objects.
- `name` (String) The unique object name within its scope.

Read-Only:

- `revision` (String) An opaque resource revision.
- `uid` (String) A unique identifier for each an object.


<a id="nestedblock--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `volume_store_name` (String) VolumeStoreName is the name of the volume store this volume uses.

Optional:

- `snapshots` (Block List, Max: 1) Snapshots defines the retention policy for volume snapshots. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--spec--snapshots))

<a id="nestedblock--spec--snapshots"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.snapshots`

Optional:

- `offline_count` (Number) OfflineCount is the minimum number of offline snapshots to keep.
- `offline_days` (Number) OfflineDays is the minimum number of days to keep an offline snapshot.
- `online_count` (Number) OnlineCount is the minimum number of online snapshots to keep.
- `online_days` (Number) OnlineDays is the minimum number of days to keep an online snapshot.
